enh(release): Add Centreon Map 21.04.1 RN (#908)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon MAP

### 21.04.1

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`August 2, 2021`

```

#### Enhancements

[Web-Client] Display only markers with geocoord setup for geoview usage

#### Bugfixes

> [Server] RestTemplate as http client should validate with truststore or ignore CA validation of auto-signed certificat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Server] RestTemplate as an http client should validate with the truststore or ignore CA validation of auto-signed certificates
```
